[Documentation] Improving documentation (#24)
PTsolvers/Chmy.jl: docs/src/concepts/workers.md

end
```

## Multi-threaded Parallelism

In the previous section, we have been executing tasks concurrently on a single thread. To exploit the true power of multicore architectures, one can use `Threads.@spawn` macro to create a `Task` and schedule it to run on any available thread.

```julia
# takes about 3 seconds to execute
@elapsed begin
    t1 = Threads.@spawn proc_sleep()
    t2 = Threads.@spawn proc_sleep()
    t3 = Threads.@spawn proc_sleep()
    (fetch(t1), fetch(t2), fetch(t3))
end
```

## Channels

A `Channel` in Julia is a data buffer which can have multiple `Task`s reading from and writing to it using `fetch`/`take!` and `put!` functions respectively.

```julia
# Creates a channel with 2 slots of objects of any data type
ch = Channel(2)

# Use put! to place items
put!(ch, "foo")
put!(ch, 1_000)

# Use fetch to inspect the first item
fetch(ch)
```

We could also consume the item by using `take!` instead. This takes away the first item from the channel's data buffer, which is a first-in, first-out (FIFO) queue.

```julia
# Use take! to fetch items away from the buffer, this returns "foo"
take!(ch)

# This returns 1000
take!(ch)
```

## Workers

> Task-based parallelism provides a highly abstract view for the program execution scheduling, but currently in Julia it comes with a performance overhead at creation and destruction of every task. Therefore, it is sometimes desirable to have long-running tasks that do not get terminated immediately, but only when all queued subtasks (i.e. work units) are executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Task-based parallelism provides a highly abstract view for the program execution scheduling, although it may come with a performance overhead related to task creation and destruction. The overhead is currently significant when tasks are used to perform asynchronous operations on GPUs, where TLS context creation and destruction may be in the order of kernel execution time. Therefore, it may be desirable to have long-running tasks that do not get terminated immediately, but only when all queued subtasks (i.e. work units) are executed.
```
